Create General/Modulo resolves 338 (#522)
Codecademy/docs: content/general/concepts/modulo/modulo.md

---
Title: 'Modulo'

> Description: 'A modulo operation takes two arguments and returns the remainder when the first argument is divided by the second.'

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Description: 'A modulo operation takes two arguments and returns the remainder of the first argument divided by the second.'
```

Subjects:
  - 'Computer Science'
  - 'Code Foundations'
Tags:
  - 'Arithmetic'
CatalogContent:
  - 'paths/code-foundations'
  - 'paths/computer-science'
---

> Modulo is a mathematical operation available in every programming language along with more common ones like addition and multiplication. A modulo operation takes two arguments and returns the remainder when the first argument is divided by the second. The result of the operation is called the modulus.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Modulo is a mathematical operation available in every programming language along with more common ones like addition and multiplication. A modulo operation takes two arguments and returns the remainder of the first argument divided by the second. The result of the operation is called the modulus.
```

> Most programming languages use the symbol `%` to represent the modulo operation, though some may use `mod`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Most programming languages use the symbol `%` to represent the modulo operation, though some may use `mod` or other variations.
```

> ## Examples

Reviewer: I think we should combine all the examples below this code block and pick an example programming language. 

```codebyte/js
let modulus = 14 % 5
console.log(`Results in a modulus of ${modulus}`)

modulus = 37 % 3
console.log(`Results in a modulus of ${modulus}`)

modulus = 21 % 7
console.log(`Results in a modulus of ${modulus}`)
```

Let me know what you think! Also wouldn't hurt to get a second opinion.

---
Title: 'Modulo'
Description: 'A modulo operation takes two arguments and returns the remainder of the first argument divided by the second.'
Subjects:

>   - 'Computer Science'
>   - 'Code Foundations'

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
  - 'Code Foundations'
  - 'Computer Science'
```

Tags:

>   - 'Arithmetic'

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
  - 'Arithmetic'
  - 'Numbers'
```

CatalogContent:
  - 'paths/code-foundations'
  - 'paths/computer-science'
---

Modulo is a mathematical operation available in every programming language along with more common ones like addition and multiplication. A modulo operation takes two arguments and returns the remainder of the first argument divided by the second. The result of the operation is called the modulus.

> Most programming languages use the symbol `%` to represent the modulo operation, though some may use `mod` or other variations.

Reviewer 2: And then I would add this to line 20:

```pseudo
remainder = dividend % divisor
```

## Examples

The following is an example of the modulo operator in Python:

> ```py

Reviewer: ```suggestion
```codebyte/py
```

Reviewer: I'm thinking we can turn this into a code byte so we wouldn't need the commented outputs

Reviewer 2: I would also include one breaking example, if possible. Like, what would we get if we tried to mod a negative integer?

```
7 % -2
```

> ```py
> modulus = 14 % 5
> print(f"14 % 5 results in a modulus of {modulus}")
> # Output : 14 % 5 results in a modulus of 4
> 
> modulus = 37 % 3
> print(f"37 % 3 Results in a modulus of {modulus}")
> # Output: 37 % 3 Results in a modulus of 1
> 
> modulus = 21 % 7
> print(f"21 % 7 results in a modulus of {modulus}")
> # Output: 21 % 7 results in a modulus of 0
> ```

Reviewer: ```suggestion
```codebyte/py
modulus = 14 % 5
print(f"14 % 5 results in a modulus of {modulus}")

modulus = 37 % 3
print(f"37 % 3 Results in a modulus of {modulus}")

modulus = 21 % 7
print(f"21 % 7 results in a modulus of {modulus}")
```
```
